Welcome, viewers.
Have you ever wonder how your home
network works?
How does your phone magically
connect to the Internet with out a
physical cable?
Today I'm going to show the inner
thing of your home network and show
you how it all come together with
my assistant, Jack.
Jack.
Say hello to them.
Hi, I am Jack.
Let's start now.
All right, let's introduce
this.
This is a wireless router.
It acts as the central hub of your
home network, connecting your
devices to the Internet.
It just like a traffic controller
for data flowing in and out of your
home, is it?
You are right, Jack.
But what about this?
This is emm... emm... what?
Jack, they are called Rj-45 ports that allow you to
connect device using wired
connection. But we will come
back to them later.
But first, let's understand
how the router connect to the
Internet.
Okay.
To connect to the Internet we need
a modem.
This device converts the signal
from the Internet service provider
into a form that allow router
understand it.
Just like the translator between
your home network and the race
Internet, there are different
types of smooth them such as cable
modem and DSL modems.
In this case we have an optical
modem which is provided many fast
speed with the fiber optical cable.
It's really fast.
Hey.
What is this box with...?
...RJ-45 Port Jayden.
They are switch when you have
multiple devices in your home
network and need more port.
A switch are here to help you.
It explained the number of
available ports and allowing you to
connect more devices to your
network.
Now let's set up our whole own home
It is easier than you might think.
I know, I know.
First, connect the router to
the computer using an Ethernet
cable.
Great.
Once connects, we will go through
a quick setup process.
And it is time to go.
Next step, Jack, you do it
lets me do it.
On the smartphone, go to the
Wi-Fi settings and select your
network.
Yes.
My phone is now connected to the
Internet wirelessly.
I can browse the web, stream
videos and stay connected wherever
you go within your home.
Look at all these devices connected
to our home network.
From laptops to smart TVs,
gaming consoles to smart home
devices, they're all now connected
together.
It's really powerful.
Can't wait to see everything connected
to my home network to build a smart
home.
And that's how your home network
works.
You have been learned all about how
to build a net home network
yourself.
Thank you for joining me today and
wish you can use your knowledge for
your exam.
Bye.